Vojta's intorductory blog post (#785)
debezium/debezium.github.io: _posts/2022-03-11-hello-debezium.adoc

---
layout: post
title:  Hello Debezium Team!
date:   2022-03-11 10:19:59 -0600
tags: [ community, news ]
author: vjuranek
---

Hi everyone, my name is Vojtěch Juránek and I recently joined the Debezium team.

Most of my professional IT career I've spent at Red Hat. 

> I have a background in the particle physic, but I did quite a lot programming even before joining Red Hat, when working on https://herwig.hepforge.org/[simulations of high-energy particle collisions] and their https://root.cern/[data analysis].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have a background in particle physics, but I did quite a lot programming even before joining Red Hat, when working on https://herwig.hepforge.org/[simulations of high-energy particle collisions] and their https://root.cern/[data analysis].
```

The science is by default open and all software I was using was open source as well.
Here started my love for open source.

+++<!-- more -->+++

When I decided to do programming for a living, Red Had was a natural choice for me, as by that time it was one of the few companies which promoted open source heavily.
I started to work at Red Hat as a https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hudson_(software)[Hudson] developer.
I developed and maintained many plugins and also contributed to Hudson core.

> I focused mainly on Hudson stability and memory footprint as I also took care about internal JBoss Hudson instance, which was the world's largest Hudson deployment by that time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I focused mainly on Hudson stability and memory footprint as I also took care of internal JBoss Hudson instance, which was the world's largest Hudson deployment by that time.
```
